We now want to add our GetMovie based on the partition key,
userId, and sort key, movieName.
Inside our Controller class, we can leave the existing code as is,
and head over to the MovieRankService class.
Inside our MovieRankService class,
we call off to our Repository class where we store the results we get
back from DynamoDB inside our response variable.
We then map this response into our MovieContract class.
We need to create a new overload method inside our Mapper class.
If we head over to our Mapper class,
we want to create an overload method with a return type of MovieResponse.
For the method's parameters, we want to add GetItemResponse.
Inside this method, we will new up a new MovieResponse class,
and map the objects the same way that we mapped them in the above method.
We added this method to our interface and head over to our Repository class.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we will create a method with a return type of Task GetItemResponse.
This type is from the DynamoDB SDK and is used when we get
items from DynamoDB using the GetItem method.
We will call our method GetMovie, and we'll add two parameters,
userId and movieName.
Inside our method, we want to create a new GetItemRequest.
As mentioned earlier, when using the low-level model,
we need to add a bit more code than we did when using the
Object Persistence and document model wrappers.
Inside our GetItemRequest, we set the TableName,
and we also need to set the Key property.
Inside the Key property,
we new up a Dictionary of type string and AttributeValue.
We need to add to this Dictionary the partition and sort key,
and assign each of these to the parameter arguments that
are being passed into this method.
We'll say squiggly brackets, UserId, new AttributeValue.
Then we'll say N as userId is stored as a number in
our DynamoDB table equals userId.
I mentioned in the previous module that to maximize
compatibility across different languages and libraries,
numbers are sent across the network to DynamoDB as strings,
so we need to add the ToString method.
We will then set our sort key, which is MovieName with a new AttributeValue,
and use S to signify our MovieName as being of type string,
and add our MovieName parameter argument.
Now we've created our GetItemRequest,
we can use the DynamoDB GetItemAsync method,
and pass in the GetItemRequest that we created above. And we'll add this method to our IMovieRankRepository interface.